Version 1.0.0 (#1)
agile-learning-institute/mentorHub-kafka-connect: README.md

# mentorHub-kafka-connect

> This repo builds and publishes a custom Kafka-Connect contaienr with MongoDB and ElasticSearch plug-ins installed, and sources and sink's configured. See [Extending Confluent Images](https://docs.confluent.io/platform/current/installation/docker/development.html#extending-images) for information on how to install plugins. See [Running Kafka Connect in Containers](https://developer.confluent.io/courses/kafka-connect/docker-containers/) for more information about using kafka-connect containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo builds and publishes a custom Kafka-Connect container with MongoDB and ElasticSearch plug-ins installed, and sources and sinks configured. See [Extending Confluent Images](https://docs.confluent.io/platform/current/installation/docker/development.html#extending-images) for information on how to install plugins. See [Running Kafka Connect in Containers](https://developer.confluent.io/courses/kafka-connect/docker-containers/) for more information about using kafka-connect containers.
```

Table of Contents
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Using the Kafka-Connect REST API](#using-the-kafka-connect-rest-api)
- [Using Kafka Cat (kcat) with topics](#using-kcat-to-interact-with-kafka-topics)
- [Testing Connectivity](#testing-connectivity)
- [Observability and CI/CD Notes](#observability-and-cicd-considerations)
- [Current State - Testing Connectors](#testing-connectors)

---

# Contributing

## Prerequisites
- [Mentorhub Desktop Edition](https://github.com/agile-learning-institute/mentorHub/blob/main/mentorHub-developer-edition/README.md)

### Optional
- [Kafka Cat (kcat)](https://docs.confluent.io/platform/current/installation/overview.html) to work with kafka topics. ``brew install kcat`` on Mac.

## Code

> This repo creates a custom version of the confluent kafka-connect official container, using the [Dockerfile](./Dockerfile) to install the needed connector plugins and install the entrypoint.sh script. The [entrypoint.sh](./entrypoint.sh) script starts the connector server, then wait's for the it to be healthy, and then uses curl commands to configures the connectors. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo creates a custom version of the confluent kafka-connect official container, using the [Dockerfile](./Dockerfile) to install the needed connector plugins and install the entrypoint.sh script. The [entrypoint.sh](./entrypoint.sh) script starts the connector server, then waits for it to be healthy, and then uses curl commands to configures the connectors. 
```
